[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: So, it's possible to go
to create environments through the console
directly, but
what we did during our exercise,
was actually create it from the command
line using the elastic be in stock CLI.
So we cloned our application,
we entered that application and
then we started off,
>> Kevin Whinnery: With the eb init.
And eb init is what took us through
choosing an AWS region to
run our application in.
It's where we created an environment or
excuse me,
it's where we sort of
configure our credentials for
our AWS user that we used to use the
Elastic Beanstalk command line interface.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And
then, after we ran eb init.
>> Speaker 2: When you're going through
that and ask for the AWS access id,
where do you get that from
>> Kevin Whinnery: When you downloaded
your credentials before in the console
when you created the user.
That download will have the cs eb init
with an access key and a secret value.
>> Speaker 2: Where does that get stored
if you had a user already created.
>> Kevin Whinnery: If you had a user
already created but you didn't download
the credentials you need to regenerate
credentials for the user and
whatever credentials they had
previously would no longer reality.
>> Speaker 2: So- And
you can do that from the user.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yes, you can.
So for individual users here's,
I'll do a different one.
So here's the on the user that a user
I created for an earlier test.
So here is their credentials.
You can see the access key again but
the secret, you'll never see again.
But what you can do is you can
create a new access key and
you can download those credentials or
you can click on this link and
you can actually show them in the browser.
So you have a chance to create
a new set of keys as well.
Is that kinda
>> Speaker 2: So,
you do create an access skin,
then you download the credentials there.
And then, that file is the one that
you put in when you do an eb init.
>> Kevin Whinnery: You don't
put it in the file, but you use
the access key in the secret strings
from that file that you downloaded.
So here, I'll just download this and
I'll show you what I mean.
So I just created these access keys.
And then, that's gonna be downloaded in
a CSV
>> Kevin Whinnery: So
if I open that CSV with a text editor,
it's got my username,
my access key and my secret.
And those are the values that I
will plug in during the eb init.
>> Kevin Whinnery: That
kind of makes sense?
>> Kevin Whinnery: So the eb init is
where we plug in our AWS credentials and
we sort of initialize our application.
And then eb create, is where we
create an actual environment with
EC2 instances in it,
that we can actually use to run our code.
And that took a very long time but once
it was created, we ended up with this.
When we went to ask the Beanstalk, now all
of the sudden, we have this environment.
And the way we did it before, it was under
configured so it wasn't okay right away.
But we have this environment
which is actually running EC2
instances which have our code.
So on the configuration side,
what we needed to do is go into our
instance configuration and
check out what EC2 security group.
The EC2 instance is managed by
Elastic Beanstalk or a member of.
And that is a value that we had to use
a few other places, if you remember.
The first was when we created a new RDS
instance, which is what we did next.
So [INAUDIBLE] RDS
>> Kevin Whinnery: And
we created an instance,
>> Kevin Whinnery: for
PostgreSQL, and
during the configuration process we
added that RDS instance to
the same security group
that are Elastic Beanstalk EC2
instances are a part of.
So that essentially enables them
to communicate with one another.
Once we created that RDS instance,
put it in the same security group.
The other step we needed
to do was to go into
the EC2 configuration,
>> Kevin Whinnery: Go down to
Security Groups,
>> Kevin Whinnery: And then select,
I believe it was,
>> Kevin Whinnery: Keep
my mouse over that.
>> Kevin Whinnery: We selected
the same security group in this
administrative interface.
And for under this inbound tab,
we needed to add another configuration for
Postgres on port five, four, three, two.
That would allow inbound connections
to four members of this security group.
>> Speaker 2: So
the typical port for Postgres?
>> Kevin Whinnery: What's that?
>> Speaker 2: Is that is
a typical port that's used for?
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yeah.
Five, four, three, two,
is the sort of default.
>> Speaker 2: Standard.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yeah.